DESCRIPTION:
  MouseStrat is an online 2D strategy game. 
  With a plottwist... You can't see any of your opponents buildings. Only with the use of an ability.
  The goal of the game is to find where your opponent is hiding and destroy your opponents core.
  To achieve this you can use buildings and abilities. Altough these do cost energy.
  An important part of the game is that the opponent will be able to see your mouse.
  Knowing your opponent is able to see the position of your mouse, You are able to use this to lead your opponent to fake paths.
  Also make sure to manage your electricity, You can spend electricity on Power Towers to increase your electricity income. 
  But if you spend too much time focussing on this, Your opponent might have already found your core
  Will you be able to find and destroy your opponent before your opponent finds you?


CONTROLS:
  -hold right click for building
  -hold left click for mouse abilities
  -move your mouse
  and thats it!

BUILDINGS:
  RADIO:
    Radio's emit a signal of 300 pixels range that will detect any opponents mouse movements.
    Place multiple radio's across the map to make sure you know what your opponent is doing!
  ELECTRICITY BOX:
    Place these to emit your core's electricity over a greater range.
  POWER TOWER:
    One of the most important buildings. This building will provide you with more power!
    7.5 Power per Power Tower to be precise.

ABILITIES:
  DESTROY:
    Destroy every building in a 30 pixel radius. 
    This is the only way currently to destroy an opponents core!
  SIGHT:
    See every building in a 100 pixel radius!
    This is one of the most important abilities.
    Use this to find your opponents core!
    But be carefull, Your opponent will see when you use sight and where.
  TRAIL:
    This will reveal a trail of the opponents mouse of the last 10 seconds.
    Using trail can be one of the easiest way to find where the opponent is hiding.
  INVISIBLE:
    This makes you invisible to trail and radio's of the opponent for 10 seconds!
    Use this when your doing suspicious buisness you don't want your opponent to see.
  


HOW TO PLAY:
  The goal of the game is to destroy your opponents core (white cube).
  But you can't see any of your opponents buildings.
  An important strategy is to leave your core as fast as possible. Do this using electricity boxes.
  After that place multiple Power Towers to increase your income. 
  But don't waste too much time collecting power, Before you know your opponent might have already found you!
  Next is to find your opponents hideout. 
  First is to place multiple radios to get a general idea of where your opponent is moving his mouse.
  Next is using the sight ability to find your opponents buildings, And most importantly their core!
  After you have found their core, Use the destroy ability on it to win the game.

DISCORD:
  Feel free to join my discord server: https://discord.gg/3S5SyXP
  Use it if you found any bugs or have any nice suggestions.
  Or just come to hangout